find all the functions that use a particular global variable named PI
find forstatements whose initialization portion declares a single variable which is initialized to the integer 0
find all call expressions that use a function named PI
find field declarations whose type is typedef
find a reference to a pointer named pi
find all cxx call expressions which call the cxx method named PI
find all cxx call expressions of the cxx method named PI
find forstatements whose condition is less than 10. (special, less than = binaryOperator((hasOperatorName('<')), hasRHS(integerLitteral(equals(10))))
find call expressions which call the function named PI
find call expressions which call the function whose name is PI
find all call expressions of a function whose name is PI
find all binary operators named *
find all binary operators whose name is *
find ifstatements whose condition is smaller than 5
find call expressions whose argument is a float literal
find call expressions which has a float argument
find call expressions whose argument is a cstyle cast expression with destination type which is real floating point
find all namespace declarations that are expaned in system header
find ifstatements whose then statement is a nullstatement
find all cxx constructor expressions which declare a cxx method whose name is PI
find integer 0
find binary operators, whose left side is an expression, and right side is an integer 0
find implicit casts whose destination type is integer.
find binary operators whose left side is an expression whose type is integer
find continuestatements whose ancestor is forstatement
find namespace declarations whose name is PI
find forstatements whose increment portion is an expression whose type is floating.
find variables that has thread storage duration
find the cxx constcast expressions
find member expressions that have object expression whose type is a recorddecl that spelled with union
find a cxx construct expression that declares a cxx constructor which is a copy constructor
find parameters that has default arguments
find all anonymous namespaces
find variables whose type is pointer type where the pointee is parentype whose inner type is function type
find cxx constructs whose type is qual type that is a recordDecl named ‘auto_ptr’
find forstatements whose increment is an unary operator named *
find ifstatements that has an elsestatement
find array subscripts whose left side's type is integer
find variables that is initialized with anything
find the unary operator named *
find ifstatements which are expanded within the main-file
find the implicit cast whose destination type is Boolean
find members that declare a variable which has static storage
find function declarations that have a body
find cxx constructs which declares a cxx method whose name is PI
find namespaces that are expanded in the system header
find the functions that have overloaded operator named *
find call expressions that call a variadic function
find expressions whose types are any real floating-point type
find the implicit casts whose source expressions are expressions whose types are any real floating-point type.
find functions that use a global variable whose name is pi
find fortatements within which the initialization portion has a single variable decarled and initialized to integer literal 0.
find call expressions that has a function named pi in it
find field declarations of which the type is typedef
find references to the pointer named pi
find cxx call expressions that call a cxx method pi
find all cxx call expressions whose callee is a cxx method named PI
find forstatements with condition that is smaller than 10.
find call expressions which calls the function named pi
find call expressions that calls the function with the name pi
find call expressions which has called the function pi
find binary operators with a name *.
Find all binary operators that has been named *.
find an ifstatement with condition smaller than 5.
find call expressions that has float literal argument.
find call expressions whose argument is a float literal
find call expressions whose argument is a cstyle cast expression that has a float type as destination
find namespace declarations which are expansion in system header
find an ifstatement where the then statement is a nullstatement
find cxx construct expressions that declare a cxx method pi
find an integer whose value is 0
find an binary operator with an expression on the left side and an integer 0 on right side
find implicit cast expressions of which the destination type is integer
find a binary operator where the left side is an expression whose type is integer
find a continue statement that a for statement is its ancestor
find namespace declarations with the name pi
find a forstatement of which the increment portion is the floating type expression
find a variable declaration which has thread storage duration
find a cxx const cast expression
find member expressions whose object expression's type is record delaration which is spelled with a union.
find cxx construct expressions having a cxx constructor declaration as copy constructor.
find parameters with default arguments.
find an anonymous namespace
find pointer type variables where the pointer is parentype having inner type as function type.
find cxx constructs having type as qualified types that is a record declaration named pi.
find a forstatement having a unary operator as increment with name *.
find an ifstatement having corresponding else statement.
find array subscripts having left side type as an integer.
Find variables that are initialized to anything
find an unary operator having name as *
find an ifstatement that is expanded within the main-file.
find a implicit cast having destination type as Boolean.
find members that declares a var having static storage.
find function declarations having a body.
find cxx construct expressions declaring a cxx method having name as pi
find namespace declarations that is expansions in a system header.
find functions whose overloaded operator name is *
find function calls who use variadic functions as the arguments.
find expressions that are floating-point type
find implicit cast expressions that use floating-point type expression as the source expression.